Where were you today? Why didn't you call me back?
Why don't you take me out?
No.
Can I eat with you two?
Do you know how worried I was?
Good wife, I told you
I'll explain it to you when it's over.
I'm your wife
Sister, don't make trouble
Hey
Uh-huh.
Is it comfortable?
Are you angry?
Ah!
Then why are you impersonating a Black Panther?
Still running to the chapter?
I'm not lying, I'm actually the second in command of the Black Panther Club
Do what you say
Open your mouth
I know my parents look down on you
Gave you a lot of pressure
But you can't just get to know the map armor
Just lie with falsetto theory
OK, I see.
Oh, by the way, my class reunion tomorrow
Come over if you are free
I will definitely go